Fix: use xref for IMDG links (#14)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

See the xref:launching:launching.adoc[Launching the Management Center User Interface chapter] for more details.

> Also see xref:imdg:starting-members-clients.adoc[here] and link:https://jet-start.sh/docs/get-started/installation[here^] for information on starting the IMDG and Jet clusters, respectively.

Reviewer: Should be `xref:imdg:ROOT:starting-members-clients.adoc[here]`

> Also see xref:imdg:starting-members-clients.adoc[here] and link:https://jet-start.sh/docs/get-started/installation[here^] for information on starting the IMDG and Jet clusters, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also see xref:imdg:ROOT:starting-members-clients.adoc[here] and link:{jet-docs}docs/get-started/installation[here^] for information on starting the IMDG and Jet clusters, respectively.
```
